Humph
You are a waste
Even a small Jianmin can't handle it
And make yourself like this
The face of the Sun family has been disgraced by you
Sister, I didn't expect it either.
I didn't expect him to be able to move out of His Majesty
If I had known this would happen
I've already sent someone to assassinate him in the middle of nowhere
You still have the face to say
Did I remind you long ago to cut grass and roots?
uproot
How about you? How do you do that?
Also recruited
If you had killed him long ago
Would there be such a thing as now?
You are still wronged
Don't even know the opponent's trump card before doing things
You still argue with me
Dad also knew it was wrong
Luckily you're not looking at it
Otherwise you don't even know how you died
Okay, get out of here
I get upset when I see you
Qin Feng, let's see
No revenge
I, Sun Qin, swear not to be human
Don't be angry
The son was just careless for a while
Otherwise, with his ability to deal with a Qin Feng, he would hesitate everywhere
You don't have to defend him.
I don't know what kind of virtue he has
hubris
Now let him suffer
You should give him a better memory
Adult wise
Okay, let's not talk about him
I'm coming for you
Just to ask you to do something for me
Sir, as you say
I want you to kill Qingfeng